The Joe Rogan experience. I had a gambling problem for a little bit. Did you?
Yeah. What kind.
Of sports in a casino? A lot of sports.
Gambling problem, like what, what made it a problem? What, what.
Made it a problem is that it was really taken up a lot of time and I'd never
gotten to real trouble just because I was, you know,
constantly working. I had great weeks, I had bad weeks,
but it was just if you're, you know,
betting on stuff every other day or whatever,
then that means you're kind of on tilt and not able to function most of the
time. And that's when you were drinking a lot too.
This is when I was drinking a lot too.
So I was drinking and gambling and gambling and then getting up at midnight.
No, that was, that was that's quarantined.
Sleep scales, regular sleep schedules.
You know, drunk stuff, you know, four or 5:00 AM, but how'd you kick it,
kick the gambling habit, the gambling,
I had to just really take a look at what I was doing and then what,
how it was serving me and look at the other stuff that I was doing.
And that's also gambling investing. And so realizing I had that outlet,
it just wasn't in sports or, you know,
throwing some dice, but you can gamble. Why, you know,
investing in a company early, you can gamble by getting a building.
You can gamble by, you know, trying to produce your own show out of pocket.
All of these other things.
More. Yeah, sorta, it's more of an invest.
Though the vest, but if it, you know, investments go bus companies, you know,
people that have put, you know, millions of dollars,
billions into to companies that quibble that ad.
And so that was invested and people,
they were really hyped about it and wrote big checks.
And so it was really realizing that and just realizing that, you know,
when I, when I was, you know, looking at a game and it take up time,
cause I would get really into it and research the history with teams and look at
all these other match-ups. And so I could, I should,
I could spend that time and, and mental energy on something else.
That's more productive.
Uh, well, that's.
A wise way of looking at it,
but a lot of people don't when they get sucked into something,
it's very hard to get it. Like we were just talking about video games,
but my addiction to video games, I just had to go cold Turkey.
I just had to step away and go, I can't do this anymore. And just,
I figured it out and I stopped, but that's not easy to do sometimes.
Like sometimes look, whatever it is about gambling,
like whatever switches that pops off in your brain that gives you that dopamine
charge.
Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean,
there's certain bets that are just
super pleasurable, but if you,
if you bet the total in a NBA game,
you bet over and you're, they're alive. The total is say the,
what, you know what? The two teams will score 200 points and that's,
you're rooting for every score.
Everybody, everybody.
You exist yet yet free throws,
free throws soda has, you.
Know, a couple grand on a game and you're rooting for both teams.
Live. And I know what's wrong with this guy. Any total,
any total score?
Yeah. You hockey, whatever soccer you, if the goals are over three,
then you ruined football team. You don't care if it's, you know,
two to two or four to nothing or 54. That's a tiny, yeah.
The over bed is super high.
Jamie, you gambled a little, right? Yeah. Yep. I gamble on fights too, right.
Yeah.
Sure. I really have a gamble on the old.
It's more fun to gamble on the over-under on rounds and too. You're like,
don't hang on. Hang on. Right, right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah.
Who did I, I w I'm trying to think of some memorable fights. I had some money.
I think, uh, I had, uh,
I have rumble Johnson against tech, Sarah.
Oh.
Ooh. That was a brutal knockout I had. Yeah. I had rumble rumble.
Over everybody except Cormier. Yeah. For whatever reason,
Cormier has got his number, but rumble hits anybody. They go night-night,
he's coming back, hit his board. So he's coming back.
Might come back as a heavyweight. Oh wow. He's huge now. I mean, huge,
like two 50 gigantic.
I'll tell you that. My craziest gambling story, Oop,
I taught I've told her on stage, but this is the most,
this is where it was like, it was really bonkers. Um,
so I started, I w I was bad and with a bookie,
uh, but I'll use a site, you know, but it was, you know, if I won,
the guy was send, send money. He sent a bunch of money in $500 money orders,
or, you know, I would just send a PayPal, whatever. And it was,
it was like that. But the thing was that since you could just do it like that,
it made it, it's like sending a text.
You're just doing it on a site is so it doesn't,
it's not the same as holding the cash and bed.
And where you really have to think about is getting just typed it real quick.
And so you're doing, you know, these large beds. So after a while,
my tolerance was, I needed more and I was on a hot streak.
And so I asked my friend for another bookie with a higher limit because the
limit on my one was like two grand. And so he found this,
he knew this guy that do 5,000 a game, uh,
and so dance, but then it's 5,000 on the honors.
So it's not, you're not putting up five.
He's not because I was putting up five with my physical and his
time. I probably wouldn't. But because it was like 5.5 here and I, a hot streak.
I was betting on a lot of hockey at this time. And I was getting,
I had a high street going higher so much in my gambling buddies,
Bozeman and CS eight, sorry, calling me hockey, Hannibal. Cause I, this was bad.
Not a Vegas golden Knights were doing really well. That was their first season.
And, uh, black Hawks were hitting some stuff. So I was doing parlay.
So if you parlay a $5,000 bet with, uh,
you know, with the total of something, then not five is, uh, you know,
12, 15 wins. So I had a good run.
And after a week I was up a hundred thousand cash
and, uh, I love a hunt. And so, and it, but I'd never put in any money.
So it was just, I got this a hundred thousand from type.
And so I meet up with the guy in Chicago and, uh,
and I mean, I pull up next to his car and he,
he had me a hundred grand cash in a, in a brown paper bag. Whoa.
And did you do like.
The demean more thing? We throw the money on the bed and roll around naked. No.
I put it on the table and kind of just really looked at.
I thought I kept it free considering I kept the catacomb.
I just put it on the table.
What the a hundred is just, yeah. Oh, how.
Big is a hundred thousand dollars in all hundreds? It was.
Crazy. It's a lot, but.
It's not, you know, isn't that massive. It's a couple,
it's a few stacks. Yeah. And it was,
it was so because there was no real
effort to get that money. I didn't value it like that.
And so in my head, the gamble,
mine isn't that happy is it's like, it wants, it, saw that, you know what,
let's get them 400 a month and the next week proceeded to go
down, uh,
go down like 90 grand on it. And so he started hitting me up,
Hey, can I get that 90? Um,
and so I was too prideful at the time. I didn't want to give him the cash.
I just want, he, we had an agreement to do PayPal out on some stuff,
but he, of course it wasn't, he didn't want to do PayPal for no 90.
You do PayPal for, you know, two, it was two, three,
but I was in a zone of, I don't want to, I can't deal with giving his cash back.
Yes. So.
And so he's asking for his paper and I PayPal him the 90 grand,
and then he sends that back.
So.
Now we plant hot potato.
He wants to cut internet hot potato with 90,000 hours. Uh,
and, and yeah. It's so it was this really, it was intense.
Cause I was like, yo, is this. And then he hit me up a, a see,
we see you going to be in Brooklyn.
And so I try to, I puff up and just kind of say, Hey,
you don't want to show up to Brooklyn dog.
I gotta make sure I tried to talk some, Hey man,
where you going to come to Brooklyn? You going to get touched? Like, don't.
Come to my show said that, yeah. I just texted him that thing, like,
don't come through Brooklyn. I said, you're going to get touched.
I texted, I'll just try to, I was out of my mind, I was on tilt, man.
I was being ridiculous. Cause I wanted, I didn't want to Welch,
but I just didn't want to pay.
Like that. And so eventually you tried to pay, we send it back any,
eventually just took it. But um, yeah, that was,
he took what the 90 via PayPal, even though that probably was a heat, you know?
Yeah. That's bad for the taxes. It's bad for taxes or whatever.
And so I actually called him this week to have like, yo,
sorry man. I was.
Says yo poor form on my part.
My bad. I don't gamble.
No more. Sorry to put.
You through that and bring heat on you. And, and it wasn't, but it was that's.
That was the wildest one man, while it was like, it just had me in a, in a,
in a real irrational zone. My friend delete all that. No.